kind of kill each other any moment we've
seen when boy boy played center he tries
to use his e while the block dashes in
to stop the damage for doing a great job
I'd say announces I'll playing darts and
I match up just to stay even at this
point gotta watch Pole Beltre amazing on
the other side gets himself very nicely
a way that is gonna be a dead boba Wow
even with the tube dorrance hbu exactly
how much damage in this game play for
evil geniuses pressure all over the
battle puts it on to all tech he really
wasn't in range for much a little bit of
a mistake there is going to cost him his
life ken altec turn it around yes he
will get the kill here turning it down
to glebe no mana this is all about the
auto attacks and with leave having a
shields he should be able to put himself
up in a great situation leave with the
plays a few more auto attacks he's stuck
in the minions then he can't get out how
unfortunate the old friends become
enemies right there leave walks away
someone has to do with EG actually to be
chewing wherever else doesn't get in
free farm but teleport cups at turtle
your trouble oh wow turtle trying to get
over to the land so it does not know he
just delivered himself gift-wrap to in
ox and the rest of the team that's a
good kill Oh Beltre actually went back
to base after viewers finishes deathfire
grasp he's a nice dragon pick up for TSM
hey this don't wanna be one right in
each others face in ox actually just hit
12 not gonna give him with my eyes right
here sustained the dyrus absolutely dire
let's look since a nice over the wall he
hits White that's gonna be a little
extra it gets the heel down from coal to
meek but he also gets taken down he's
just too weak for that bike 20 minutes
in position around that if he gets bad
they don't really have anything to
protect him everybody else is trying out
that as well yeah a Fed Kazakhs is often
a reflection all the rest of the team
because he's still going to clean up
visible once again stays with the file
actually get some good damage if you can
get some no he cannot get some life
skills gonna say one last attack and
maybe the Hydra to add it in there but
not enough so they feel like later it
goes the higher their chance of what he
would come but not of turtle continues
to get caught out of position this has
been a problem for TSM so far this
vision they're gonna have to go and
check this the teleports coming in from
the top side the hook they threw that
out beautiful job coming down where is
he going to be snoopy finally comes down
to he goes out that is the smite and the
perfect one they could have taken down
immediately but how long until they
finish pair they don't have the most
damage here it's going down very slowly
they want to continue to peel for more
kills EG trying to poke out as much as
possible but do not have an absurd
amount of poke altec has a lot of
pressure on him right here and crumpled
got no soul shackle the main source of
crowd control the game is now done aunt
iris was using his dominance I thought
that might have been a bad idea but they
seem to be safe throw he is going to be
hit up the ignite his PO Beltre does get
a say for himself in this fight altec is
going to live to that ignite on the
outside skillet no he goes down to the
full ignite from Pearson wrong called
air and it looks like they will start to
clean up on the side of team solo
headboard down for eg and catch
potential all over the place Oh dyro
getting a little too I feel throws out a
ward he thought he was safe look how
much vision TSM has wouldn't i used to
kill an ox going it looks like he's
going to be right in the middle to fight
a huge kill on a wild turtle EG coming
out of nowhere with this one at dsm
knows they need to run for the hills
this will be the inhibitor in the mid
lane got beer sins still off that oldest
or stop playing this one the Baron is a
started on EG they're doing a lot of
damage trebo playing the defense ready
to throw down the sole shackling he's
got to go all the way down though they
stopped on dragon to teleport in a very
good move as dyrus slices out you can
see all tech trying to keep the damage
onto parent everybody going good for a
good fight in ox he gets hit up throws
down the invisibility but the tempest
cripples on and they can still see him
wild turtles very low with that face of
the mountain shield
and he will go down no he lives in the
end that was at least going down Snoopy
hits the ground hard pulled out two
tries to get the ethical chain on it's
really putting cheese gold back where
they need it to be that the big cats
right there and knocks once again the
front catch good damage back on a wild
turtle but there's no connect there with
the rest of the team Cleve takes himself
for a ride amazing comes along as well
in the carpool and it looks like they're
gonna head down the mid lane with 60
seconds on the death chamber time to
clear the super minions in their base
top wave is about to come crashing in
Jack just a few sentinels gone home
Bowser goes down the focus of team
solomid they tunnel right in on to him
the ericsson is just baiting everybody
along like a carrot on a strength they
think they can get the kill on them but
it will not happen Snoopy goes down
crapo will be the next one if they can
finalize it the piercing light sit here
comes the sonic waves of resonating
strike there's amazing within range it's
going to be the inhibitors 60 seconds
across the clock for evil geniuses TSM
is going to be taking the game and it
took them a while but they avoid the
upset at the hands of evil geniuses and
finish three in one for super week not
all that bad CSM another team as cloud
nine is to come out and want to win a
very heavily motivated and powerful game
not so much this time but like you said
they do find the win over evil genius